Gavin hey I was getting my sweater look
at this this is tonight like this is
happening now hold on let's know what
they're talking about buck are you sure
you don't remember anything from when
you went there yeah I mean I don't know
anything could have happened but that
was days ago I mean I mean I seem to
know it gently someone like your
description I mean but I didn't do this
there's yeah but what if they find
anything in that fire that you know any
evidence that I was there anything that
could you know lead back to me I'm
fucked
I mean they're not gonna either way I
broke into his house
this is fucked up man
look at this found this in my car when I
was going to get my sweater
I definitely don't remember it being in
my driver's seat when I got out of my
car so you know I I just kind of assumed
it was safe to leave my car unlocked in
this neighborhood it doesn't really
surprise me
surprise oh look at that
crudely duct-taped on there that's good
I mean obviously I'll leave this in my
car what the fuck is this it's like a
walkie talkie something like that I must
say this is the most irrelevant thing I
could have found in a box in my car and
hasn't seen the word wait that's
definitely my driver's license you do
have your wallet with you how did your
driver's license get in this box
how did you not I don't know I guess
I've been missing it for awhile it's a
good thing I haven't gotten pulled over
hello-hello silk